Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
- Nothin', nothin' at all.
- Send it again.
I've been sendin' it up and down the
coast from Sarasota to the Everglades.
It's still getting back the same
day it aired. There's nothing.
There's nobody, or at
least nobody with a radio.
All right then. Let's set down.
We'll use the bullhorn.
Set down? Wait a minute.
That's not in our contract.
It's the biggest city within 150 miles.
We're gonna give it every chance.
- Jesus, Mary and Joseph.
- Set down, John.
I'll set us down, but I won't leave my seat,
and I'll keep the engine running.
Now, the first sign of trouble,
I'm going up.
If you ain't on board when that happens,
you're likely to have a lousy afternoon.
Calling anybody on this frequency.
This is helicopter 4-0-alpha.
If you can hear me,
please listen carefully.
Hello?
Is anyone there?
Is there anyone there?
Hello?
Is anyone there?
We can lift you out to safety.
Please answer my call if you can hear me.
Forget it, Billy boy.
It's a dead place.
They got the others, you know.
Listen.
You can hear it over the engine.
Jesus, Mary and Joseph.
Hey, you find anything?
Yeah. A bunch of real estate
for sale at closeout prices, man.
Gas up the machine. She's down to fumes.
No. Wait till it's dark.
There are too many of them out there.
Yeah-hey, it's no good to
leave the gas tank empty.
Suppose we need to get
out of here in a hurry.
Then we're shit out of luck.
They're getting too riled up.
Do it tonight when they can't see you.
They know we're in here
even if they can't see us.
- What good is it to leave the gas tank emp...
- The activity excites them.
- There are too many of them.
- And more and more every day.
If we get a lot more,
come out and shoot some of them.
Otherwise, stay inside the building.
Stay out of sight.
Thankful you live in
the suburbs, Johnson.
You oughta see how congested
the city's gettin' to be.
Miguel, come on. Let's get below.
Miguel... what can I do? You... you...
What?
- Let me help.
- No. I don't need help. I don't need help.
- Come on. Give me this.
- I'm all right. I'm just tired.
You're not alright.
You're collapsing from stress.
- Now, let me help...
- Collapsing from stress?
We're all collapsing. This whole fucking
unit is collapsing, everybody except you.
I know you're strong, all right?
So what? Stronger than me.
Stronger than everyone.
So what? So fucking what?
- That's a new grave.
- Major Cooper. He died this morning.
And then there were 12.
A burial this morning.
That's why there are so many of them.
What's gonna bring them tomorrow, Sarah?
And the next day and
the next day after that?
There are hundreds of 'em over there.
Thousands. A million of them!
You stick your head in the sun,
they're gonna come up behind
you and bite off your ass!
This is bullshit,
what we're doing here it's crazy.
If you've got an alternative to what
we're doing, we'd be happy to listen to it.
I got an alternative. Yeah, yeah.
I got an alternative.
Let's get in that whirlybird, find us
an island someplace, get juiced up
and spend what time we got
left soakin' up some sunshine.
- How's that?
- You could do that, couldn't you?
With all that's going on, you could
do that without a second thought?
Shit. I could do that even
if all this wasn't goin' on.
- Another waste of time, right?
- Got that right, man.
- What'd you find?
- Nothin'.
Nothin'?
- How far up the coast did you go?
- A hundred miles each way.
Jump in here, soldier. We gotta bring
in two more dumb fucks. Let's go.
Two more? What's Logan
doing to them in there?
Get in here, soldier.
He's been awake for 24 hours.
Can't you get anyone else?
What "anyone else"?
There isn't anyone else. We're it.
The two of you can't go in
there alone. It's too dangerous.
Christ.
I'll go!
- What's the matter with your friend there?
- There's nothing the matter.
All right. Let's go.
You got it, Steel.
Let's kick it out. Come on.
Step forward.
Christ! This shows the 15th as the last
time you took any out. That can't be right.
Oh, yeah. We forget to write
'em up sometimes, you know?
You've got to write them up.
It's essential.
Can't you get that
through your thick skull?
How the hell are we supposed to
keep track of how many we got left?
Let's go, you dumb fucks! Get over here!
Hey! Here we are!
Come on!
Come on, you dumb fucks.
Come on. Come on.
Come on, you fish brains.
What the hell's the matter with ya?
They're scared.
They know what'll happen
when Frankenstein gets 'em.
If you're right, Rickles,
then they're learning.
- They're actually learning.
- Come on!
Come and see what I got for you!
Come on, you dick faces!
Here's a nice one hangin'.
Come on. Come and get it.
Come and try to bite it off!
That's it, Steel. Whip it out.
That'll bring 'em on.
Fuckin' "A." Biggest piece
of meat in the cave.
I don't wanna excite the lady though.
Not with her boyfriend around.
You're incapable of exciting me, Steel,
except as an anthropological curiosity.
- What the hell's that mean, Rickles?
- It means you're a caveman, asshole.
You're a fuckin' throwback. You've been
spendin' too much time underground, huh?
It's okay, Steel.
Throwbacks all got big dicks.
All right, you dumb fucks!
Get over here, you scumbags!
Your old pal Steel wants
to see ya. Come on!
- Shit.
- I'm coming up.
You're not strong enough for
up here. Send up the pole.
I'll watch out for lover boy.
Don't worry.
What do you mean I'm not strong enough?
I've done it dozens of times.
I don't want you up here, lady.
Send up the pole. They're gettin' closer.
- He's collapsing for chrissakes. Look at 'im.
- Let go of the pole.
- Listen to me...
- Let go of the goddamn pole.
Here they come! Let's go!
Dumb fucks. Pus-breeding bags of shit.
You dumb-fucking bags of shit,
I'll kick your fuckin' asses. Come on!
Come here, scumbag.
Hook her up, will ya?
Hook her.
Hey, nice hat, asshole.
Come on! Get the other one out of there!
Come on. Get in there.
Steel, Steel, Steel, cover! Cover!
- I got it.
- Jesus!
That's it. That's it. That's it.
I got it. I got it. Come on.
Come on. Come on. Come here. Come here.
You almost killed Rickles. Yeah.
You almost fucking killed Rickles.
Let 'im go, Steel. He shouldn't have
been up there in the first place.
- You almost fucking killed Rickles.
- Steel, stop it!
You dirty son of a spic bastard!
Let him go! Let him go, goddamn it,
or I'll cut you in half.
Shut up, you dumb fucks.
I hope they chop you up for dog meat.
- Come on, Rickles.
- Let's get out of here.
I hope you fuckin' rot!
Fuck you!
I am not gonna let you dope me up.
You need a sedative.
You're behaving dangerously.
I'm just trying to help you, Miguel.
Well, I don't need your
help or anyone else's.
You made me look like
an asshole out there.
You made me feel like a piece of shit.
You stay away from me with that, Sarah.
You stay away from me.
You bitch.
We've got to have sterile conditions.
Half the work we do goes down
the toilet due to contaminations.
You'll work with what you got, Fisher.
But it's madness!
- Can't you understand...
- I understand this:
You and your playmates, you're running
out of friends fast around here.
Look...
- Major Cooper promised that we...
- Major Cooper is dead.
I'm in command now,
and I'm telling you...
that you work with what you got.
And you'd better start
showing me some results...
or you won't have that very much longer.
How can we show you results when we
don't have the proper working conditions?
We're in a desperate situation here.
We need each other.
- Can't we just get along?
- You need us, the way I see it, lady.
- I'm not sure we need you at all.
- Fuckin' "A."
I'm not even sure just what
the hell it is you're doin' in there.
Just what the hell it is my men
are riskin' their asses for.
Maybe if there was more
cooperation around here,
your men wouldn't have to
risk their asses quite as often.
- Miguel Salazar's in bad shape.
- No shit.
I want him pulled off active duty for a
while until we can evaluate his condition.
Can't spare 'im.
He's over the edge.
He's turning into jell-o.
Jell-o? That's the way the
spics say "yellow": Jell-o!
Miguel is seriously disturbed.
He's close to the breaking point,
and that's dangerous for all of us.
He can't handle any
more stress right now.
Well, maybe I should cut off
his extracurricular activities.
Maybe you're keepin'
him too busy at night.
We're talking about a man's
life here, you son of a bitch.
And the lives of others
he might put in jeopardy.
Maybe I should put him in quarantine.
How 'bout it, Steel?
You call it, Captain.
I'll build him a cage.
Yeah. Might not be a bad idea...
give some of the rest of
us a shot at some lovin'.
Hey, it's gonna be a long winter.
Come on, Ted. Let's get out of here.
I'm callin' a meeting
for 7 o'clock tonight.
I want everybody present.
Everybody, lady.
Including Dr. Frankenstein
and including your boyfriend.
I gave him a sedative.
He won't be awake.
Look here, woman.
I'm short on man power.
I won't have you goin' around dopin' up
any of my men without orders from me.
- Is that clear?
- Yes, sir! Fuck you, sir!
Out of the frying pan, into the fire.
I thought Cooper was an asshole,
but he was a sweetheart next to Rhodes.
We could be in real trouble.
You'd better watch yourself...
- I mean, physically watch yourself.
- I can handle it.
Don't worry.
It's not going to come to that.
We've just gotta pound
some logic into their heads.
Impossible.
Where's Dr. Logan?
Frankenstein? He's in
his laboratory. Where else?
There's a loss of initiative, caution,
many of the human cognitive functions.
Apparently the result of
decay in the frontal, parietal,
temporal and occipital lobes.
On revival, the rate of
decomposition slows substantially.
Indications are that these beings could
function over a period of years...
in cases of early revival, 10 to 12 years
before decay would threaten mobility.
The brain is the engine, Sarah,
the motor that drives them.
They don't need any blood flow,
don't need any of their internal organs.
Now, I've severed all the
vital organs in this one.
There's nothing left of the corpse but
brain and limbs, and still it functions.
Oh, look, Sarah. Look.
See, it wants me. It wants food,
but it has no stomach.
It can take no nourishment
from what it ingests.
It's working on instinct,
a deep, dark, primordial instinct.
Decomposition occurs first in
the frontal lobes, the neocortex,
and next in the limbic system,
the middle brain.
But the core... the core is the last
thing to be attacked by the decay.
It's the "R" complex, Sarah, that...
central bit of prehistoric jelly that
we inherited from the reptiles.
Here. I've gone into the center here
and attacked the "R" complex discretely.
I've removed it from the equation...
this corpse.
I believe this creature would be
benign even if it had its eyesight
and its other senses. Its primitive
instincts have been erased.
It still has motor function,
probably still has powers of deliberation.
It can be domesticated,
Sarah, don't you see?
It can be conditioned to behave
the way we want it to behave.
And all that's required is
15 hours of fancy surgery
that only a handful of
people are trained to do.
I thought we were going to
stop work on the neurophysical
and concentrate on
something more practical.
These finds are central
to the condition.
I will not stop any work that
might lead to an answer,
let alone in an area that
is central to the condition.
But you're just proving theories
that were advanced months ago.
And you're not even proving them correctly.
You're making a lot of assumptions here.
You're wasting time trying
to define what's happening
instead of looking for
what's making it happen.
And just slicing up too many specimens.
It's extremely dangerous to go up on
top and round them up in the wild,
where we can't control them.
What happened to this one?
It was too unruly. I couldn't
handle it. I had to destroy it.
We can still get information from it.
Dr. Logan, we are losing
the cooperation of the men.
I'm not even sure they'll go up top when we
run out of the specimens we already have.
I'm not sure they won't just
try to shut us down completely.
Well, I'll show them results.
I'll show them results.
I'll show them that these creatures can be
domesticated even without the surgery.
Knowing what they are,
we can begin to approach them properly,
condition them, control them.
We've got to do this, Sarah.
It's our only hope.
Yes, this is Major Cooper.
I needed him, Sarah.
He's helping us more now than
he ever did when he was alive.
- But I saw the grave.
- They buried one of the specimens.
Jesus. God, Logan.
Do you know what they'll do to
you if they find out about this?
Do you know what
they'll do to all of us?
They'll never find out.
He can't be recognized.
Not a peep. Long-range or short,
high-band or low, I can't raise anybody.
How can that be, McDermott?
There must be other groups like us.
- Somebody else must be tryin' to radio.
- Yeah. What the hell is this, man?
- Maybe we are the only ones left.
- I'm sure there's others.
This is not the best place to be sending from,
and a lot of the equipment I'm using
has been rotting down here
since the second world war.
Well, it's up to you
to get it workin' right.
Lay off the fuckin' booze
for a while, why don't ya?
And get somebody on
that fuckin' horn, pronto.
Well, if we stay down here long enough,
I'll have to lay off the
fuckin' booze, Steel,
'cause there won't fuckin'
be any of it fuckin' left.
In the meanwhile,
I will continue to indulge myself,
and I will continue doing my best in the
good fight against dry rot and rust.
Yeah? Well, your best ain't
good enough, asshole.
You think I'm not
aware of our situation?
You think I want to stay
isolated down here?
You know, I'd make a desperate
effort to raise somebody
just in the hope of gettin' away from
your nasty mouth, Steel. The fact is...
The fact is...
either we are the only ones left...
or there's nobody within range of my
puny little second world war signals.
We used to talk to Washington all
the time. They could hear us then.
We were on relays then.
We weren't over the air.
You know, the power's off on the
mainland now, in case you haven't heard.
And all the shopping malls are closed.
We don't appreciate your
fucking jokes, old man.
Keep it up, and I'll shove that bottle
of yours right up your wise ass.
I've got better things to do than listen to
this kindergarten. Are we finished here?
No, we ain't finished here,
lady. Sit down.
What else do you want? We've given
you the reports for this week.
- We've given you everything you've asked.
- You've given us a mouthful of Greek salad.
Formulas, equations, a lot of fancy
terms that don't mean a thing.
I wanna know if you're doin' something
that's gonna help us out
of this deep shit we're in,
or if you're all in there
just jerkin' each other off.
She doesn't have to jerk off
like the rest of us, Captain.
She got an honest-to-God
dick to get off on, huh?
It may be yellow, but it's still a dick!
I said we ain't finished here,
lady. Sit down.
Sit down, or so help me God,
I'll have you shot.
You'll what?
I said...
"I'll have you shot."
- Have you lost your mind?
- No, ma'am.
Have you?
I just told you I was willing to kill you
if you didn't get back in your chair.
You didn't get back in your chair.
Goddamn it! You can't
shove us around like this.
Since when did this become
a military operation?
Since I took over. Steel...
shoot that woman.
Bang! You're dead.
Shoot that woman or you're dead.
You think I'm fuckin' around, Steel?
You're wrong.
Now, you got till a count of five,
and that's two you wasted.
That's three.
- Four.
- Sit down, Sarah.
- What is this?
- Shut up and sit down.
That's five, Steel.
All right. All right.
No!
Anybody else have any questions
about the way things are gonna
run around here from now on?
This ain't a goddamn field trip, people.
This is a fuckin' war!
I'm not down in this cave for my health.
I'm down here on orders.
Your orders are to facilitate
the job of this scientific team.
This is a civilian team, Captain,
and we don't have to be
subjected to your tyranny.
Who's being subjected to what, Fisher?
- You've lost one man.
- Yeah. Right.
We've lost five.
Where does it say we gotta keep those
dumb fucks next door to where we sleep?
Where does it say we should do any one
thing but shoot the mothers in the head?
We don't have enough ammunition,
Captain, to shoot them all in the head.
The time to have done that
would've been at the beginning.
No. We let them overrun us.
They have overrun us, you know.
We're in the minority now.
Something like 400,000 to one,
by my calculations.
I haven't eaten. Is there food?
You were supposed to be
here at 7:00 sharp, mister.
I know. Sarah told me. I'm sorry.
I couldn't break away. Is there food?
Listen, egghead, let me bring
you up to date on what's...
- Excuse me. Excuse me!
- Let me...
Is there food?
I'm runnin' this monkey
farm now, Frankenstein!
And I wanna know what the
fuck you're doin' with my time!
'Cause if we're just jerkin' off here,
I'm gonna have my men blow the piss out
of those precious specimens of yours.
And we're gonna get the hell out of here
and leave you and your highfalutin asshole
friends to rot in this stinkin' sewer!
Is that food enough for ya?
Where will you go, Captain?
You can destroy my specimens, but...
what about the millions more that
are waiting to greet you outside?
Do you really think you can
"blow the piss" out of them? All of them?
They have you in a
hopeless situation, strategically.
You're lost. Well, you're lost unless...
Unless what?
- Unless what, Frankenstein?
- Unless you can make them behave.
This is a fuckin' loony bin!
I ain't bein' paid enough to
work in a fuckin' loony bin!
- I ain't bein' paid at all!
- Paid?
What the hell are they payin' him for?
All right. Shut up! Just shut up!
What the hell are you
talkin' about, Frankenstein?
I'll be able to show you
soon enough. Sarah knows.
She's seen the progress I've been making.
Isn't that right, Sarah?
Yes. There's been some progress.
What kind of progress?
What are you talkin' about,
"make them behave"? What does that mean?
It means keeping them from
wanting to eat us, for one thing.
It means keeping them in check.
It's controlling them. Controlling them.
When are you gonna show us
something that we can understand?
Very close. Very close.
I think in a matter of weeks...
I don't think there's any way you can
tell how long anything is going to take.
It could be months; it could be years
before we know exactly what
we're dealing with here.
Sarah's research... Sarah's research...
is more esoteric than mine.
She's looking for a way to reverse
the process, a way to eradicate the problem.
That could take a long time,
a very long time.
She may never find
what she's looking for.
We have a limited supply
of chemical agents.
Our equipment is hopelessly inadequate.
McDermott doesn't have
decent radio gear.
Now you're tellin' me that you
don't have the shit you need?
We're runnin' low on ammunition.
We're runnin' low on men, for chrissakes!
It was very rushed. This operation
was put together in a matter of days.
Yeah, well, it can all be taken apart
in a matter of minutes, lady,
and I'm here to tell you that
I'm ready to do that little thing.
I'm ready to take the
next train outta here!
I ask you again, Captain:
Where will you go?
You have no choices. You'll have to
give us the weeks that we've asked for.
You have to give us
however long it takes.
Look. There have to be
survivors in Washington.
They have more sophisticated
shelters than this one.
There have to be people in those
shelters who know about us,
who know where we are. With no
radio contact, they'll come looking for us.
I said shut up!
You got a little more time.
A little more. I ain't sayin' how much.
But you'd better start showin' me some
results, and you'd better not piss me off.
You understand? Nothin' happens around
here without my knowin' about it!
And anybody fucks with my command,
they get court-martialed,
they get executed.
You'd better know I
mean it, too, people.
He wouldn't have done it.
I can't believe he would've done it.
No, he wouldn't have done it.
He would've had Steel do it.
He can't be that inhuman.
No. He's human.
That's what scares me, you know.
He won't shoot Billy 'cause he doesn't
have anybody else who knows electronics.
He won't shoot me, 'cause I'm his ride.
He probably won't shoot old Frankenstein,
'cause the old doc can talk him silly.
But the rest of you...
better start worrying, you know.
Maybe if we tried working together,
we could ease some of the tensions.
We're all pulling in
different directions.
That's the trouble with
the world, Sarah darling.
People got different ideas concerning
what they want out of life.
You are afraid, aren't you?
Just as afraid as I am.
Why don't you take a sedative,
Sarah, so you can sleep?
You're full of shit, Sarah, you know that?
You're really full of shit.
I'm through with you.
Fine then.
Get out.
Just get out!
Hey, guys! Come on, man!
For God's sake!
I'm all right.
Thanks, Bill. I'm all right.
Here.
I've just filled it up.
Got a refill as well.
No, thanks. I'm all right. Really.
It's just brandy. Good for the heart.
It's shit for your heart,
and it eats up your liver.
We don't get a lot of visitors out here,
and we like it that way.
Here it is: The Ritz.
Madam.
John's probably out the back.
Hey!
Well, what do you know.
Welcome to civilization, Sarah.
The last holdout.
It's pretty nice.
Nicer than we got inside.
- Not a bad idea.
- It's a little safer where you are.
But we like to live dangerously,
Billy boy and me, you know.
That's a laugh. I haven't seen you do
anything dangerous since we got here.
We stickin' around.
That's gettin' a bit dangerous,
as I hope you noticed this evening.
You're a mystery to me.
You really are.
Not like those other goons in there.
You have a sense of...
Of what?
Never mind.
No, no, no. Come on.
Let's talk about it.
I came down here to get drunk.
I don't have the energy.
Hey, hey. It takes more energy to keep
quiet than it does to speak the mind.
Go ahead. Let go of what you got, now.
You were sent down here to do a job.
My job is to fly the whirlybird.
I've been doin' that job just fine.
You have the protection of this facility.
You eat our food. You drink our water.
And you don't lift a finger to help.
Neither one of you.
We don't believe in what
you're doin' here, Sarah.
Hey, you know what all they
keep down here in this cave?
Man, they got the books and the
records of the top 500 companies.
They got the defense
department budget down here.
And they got the negative
for all your favorite movies.
They got microfilm with tax
return and newspaper stories.
They got immigration records,
census reports,
and they got official accounts of
all the wars and plane crashes
and volcano eruptions and
earthquakes and fires and floods
and all the other disasters that
interrupted the flow of things
in the good old U.S. of A.
Now, what does it matter, Sarah darling?
All this filing and record keeping?
We ever gonna give a shit? We even
gonna get a chance to see it all?
This is a great big 14-mile tombstone!
With an epitaph on it that
nobody gonna bother to read.
Now, here you come... here you
come with a whole new set of charts
and graphs and records.
What you gonna do?
Bury them down here with all
the other relics of what once was?
Let me tell you what else.
Yeah, I'm gonna tell you what else.
You ain't never gonna figure it out,
just like they never figured out why
the stars are where they're at.
It ain't mankind's job
to figure that stuff out.
So what you're doin' is
a waste of time, Sarah.
And time is all we got left, you know.
What I'm doing...
- is all there's left to do.
- Shame on you.
There's plenty to do. Plenty to do.
So long as there's you and me
and maybe some other people,
we could start over,
start fresh, get some babies.
And teach 'em, Sarah,
teach 'em never to come over here
and dig these records out.
Hey.
You want to put some kind of...
explanation...
down here before you leave?
Here's one as good as
any you're likely to find.
We're being punished by the creator.
He visited a curse on us...
so we man could look at...
what hell was like.
Maybe didn't want to see
us blow ourselves up...
and put a big hole in his sky.
Maybe he just wanted to show
us he was still the boss man.
Maybe he figure... we was getting
too big for our britches...
trying to figure his shit out.
You son of a bitch!
Damn it!
It's no good.
- It's no fuckin' good.
- What is that stuff?
It's something called beef treats,
which the army provides
us with so generously.
- He won't touch it.
- Shit. I wouldn't either.
Sorry. We're fresh out of filet mignon.
What is this? Part of Logan's plan
to try and socialize these things?
He told me himself they
don't eat for nourishment.
What are we hoping for here?
Hoping to satisfy the urge.
You see, Sarah, they're...
they are us. They are
the extensions of us.
They are the same animal,
simply functioning less perfectly.
They can be fooled, don't you see?
They can be tricked into being
good little girls and boys,
the same way we were tricked into it
on the promise of some reward to come.
They have to be rewarded. Reward is
the key. I'm convinced of that now.
Come. I've got something to show you.
That wasn't very nice, you know.
That wasn't very nice at all.
Let's go.
And you can just sit there in the dark
and think about what you've done.
Think about it. Think.
I call him Bub.
That's what the club fellas
used to call my father.
Can you imagine a surgeon called Bub?
Nobody seemed to mind, though.
He was rich. My father was rich.
He used to say I'd never be
rich doing pure research.
I'd never be rich.
Bub's been responding so
well lately, I've let him live.
Well, is he alive or dead? Well,
that's the question these days, isn't it?
Well, let's say that I let
him continue to exist.
Hello, Bub!
Here are some toys for you.
Some nice things for you to play with.
You remember them from before?
From before.
Well, he's seen the other things before,
but the book is new.
Look, look, look.
I thought he'd do that.
Open it up.
He remembers. He remembers
everything that he used to.
Bub, I'm very pleased. Very pleased.
What's he trying to prove?
I saw one of those things
sittin' in a car in D. C.
tryin' to drive down
Independence Avenue.
It didn't make me wanna be its friend.
No. It's amazing. It's not what this
one does, but what he doesn't do.
- What do you mean?
- He doesn't get excited
and doesn't get agitated when
Logan walks in the room.
He doesn't see Logan as...
Lunch.
- Dinner.
- Breakfast.
Having fun?
What's he doin' in there?
No need for that, Captain.
He's quite docile.
Come in. You can all come in.
Bub won't mind.
Extraordinary, isn't it?
That's right, Bub. Say hello.
Come on, Captain.
Give me a break, will ya?
Say hello to your aunt Alicia.
Say, "Hello, aunt Alicia."
"Hello, aunt Alicia."
- Hel-lo, aunt Alicia.
- "Hello."
Apparently, he was in the military.
Return the salute and see what he does.
You want me to salute
that pile of walking pus?
Salute my ass.
Your ignorance is exceeded
only by your charm, Captain.
How are we going to set an example for
them if we behave barbarically ourselves?
Take the bullets out, please,
and let me have your pistol, Sarah.
It's empty, Captain.
We saw the bullets come out.
Let's see what he does. Let's see
what Bub does in this situation.
Jesus...
Christ.
What are we supposed to do?
Teach 'em tricks?
What the fuck is wrong with
you people? They're dead!
They're fucking dead,
and you wanna teach 'em tricks?
They have to be rewarded, Captain.
Why else will they do what we want them to do?
I don't want 'em to do
anything but drop over!
Yes, well, apparently they're not
inclined to do that for you, Captain.
Is this your progress?
Is this the shit that's supposed
to knock our socks off?
It's the beginning, yes.
It's the bare beginning
of social behavior.
Of civilized behavior.
Civil behavior is what distinguishes
us from the lower forms.
It's what enables us to communicate,
to go about things in
an orderly fashion,
without attacking each
other like beasts in the wild.
Civility must be rewarded, Captain.
If it isn't rewarded,
there's no use for it.
There's just no use for it at all.
'Possum ready?
Come on. Grab it. Come on.
You got it?
Hey.
No!
No! No!
Miller! Miller!
I can't do it.
I can't do it!
Don't let this happen.
Don't let this happen to me.
I don't wanna be one of them.
Take me. Please. Take me.
I need fire.
Jesus, Mary and Joseph!
- Get out of the way, lady.
- No.
I amputated the infected area.
I think I caught it in time.
Yeah? But what if you didn't?
If I didn't, I'll shoot him myself.
It's the spic.
The yellow son of a bitch.
It's his fault this happened.
It's his yellow fuckin' fault.
Get out of the way, bitch,
or I'll go right through you with this.
We're getting to make this a habit, man...
pointing guns at each other, you know.
We just lost two men
'cause of this motherfucker.
Well... that kinda evens
the odds between us then.
The spic's been bit, Captain.
We gotta blast him. He's been bit!
- I got the infection in time.
- That's bullshit, lady.
I seen a thousand of 'em.
He's gonna die.
If he dies, I'll destroy him myself.
Unless he gets you first.
You may still want to sleep with him.
I don't want him inside the complex.
We'll keep him out here, with us.
We gotta blast him, Captain.
That'd be doin' 'im a favor, Steel.
You think he wants to walk
around after he's dead?
You think he wants to
be one of those things?
Think about it, lady.
And think about this, all of ya...
from now on, you ain't gettin'
shit from me and my men.
Tomorrow morning, we're going inside
that corral, and we ain't comin' out
till every one of those rotten
piles of garbage has been wasted.
Come on, Steel.
Get out of there, Steel!
We got better things to do!
You're on my shit list, flyboy.
Thank you.
Let's take him inside, clean him up.
Think you can move him?
I-I think so.
It's all right. It's okay.
- It's a man's sweater. Try it on.
- Thanks.
I have to go to the lab.
He's going to need some morphine...
along with some other supplies.
I'd better go along. I'm sure those boys
haven't calmed themselves down yet.
I'm sorry I said those things about you.
I'm sorry too. Really.
McDERMOTT: Well, what do you know?
We are heroes after all. What a relief.
Sarah.
He might not make it, you know.
I know it.
At least we gave him a chance.
I'll keep an eye on him.
Hey. You guys be careful.
You're not back in half an hour,
I'm coming out to look for you.
They'll leave us alone.
Half an hour.
We'll be back.
Jesus God almighty.
The resident surgeon has been
burning the midnight oils.
What the hell has he been doin'
down here, slaughtering cattle?
In his mind, that's probably
not far from the truth.
Grandfather's talking. His mind's talking.
There. I've put it away.
I've put it away, mother.
I've put it away.
Bastard. Be civilized!
Be civil... lized! Take that off.
Take that off! Take that off!
Five minutes, mother.
Just five minutes.
Oh, my God.
No, Sarah! Don't! It'll just
bring out Rhodes and the men.
Leave it be, leave it be.
Let's go. Let's get outta here.
I'm beginning to think we should take that
helicopter before somebody else does.
Hello, Bub.
Mother is very proud of you.
Very, very proud indeed.
You did quite nicely today.
I don't believe it.
Logan's star pupil.
Now, tomorrow, we can play
with these things again.
Now it's time for your reward.
I brought you something good.
What is that?
Is that...
it can't be.
Oh, God.
Oh, Jesus. I can't...
Good night, Bub.
What are you givin' him
in there, Frankenstein?
What?
What is it?
What do you give him?
Scum!
No, you... you must listen to me,
Captain. You must listen!
Listen to this.
Hold it, Fisher. Torrez, get his gun.
Take all the guns.
All of 'em.
All their fucking guns!
Take all their guns.
All their guns!
Those are my men in there.
My men.
Those are my men in there!
Hold it right there.
Frankenstein's dead.
This scum gets it next unless you
throw your weapons out right now.
He means it, Johnny.
He killed Logan in cold blood.
I killed Logan because he was a butcher.
I'll kill the rest of
them one at a time,
unless you get your black
ass out here, flyboy.
Let him go, Rhodes.
Torrez, get his machete.
We're gettin' outta here right now.
You give me any shit about it,
I blow his head off.
Whirlybird can't hold us all.
"Us all" ain't going.
Me, my men, you. That's it.
You'll never get me to do that, Rhodes.
- No!
- Hey!
Rickles, open the gates.
Steel, shove 'em in there.
Have a nice visit with McDermott, huh?
Rhodes...
don't do this, please.
Gonna give us a ride, flyboy?
I'll do whatever you say, man.
Let her go now.
Rhodes. Let 'em off.
I'll take you...
wherever you want to go.
Like you said,
chopper can't hold us all.
Rhodes, don't do it.
You do it, and I won't fly.
I swear, you got to
kill me before I fly.
Let 'em out.
That's the deal.
I make the deals around here, not you.
Now you get your shit together,
whatever you need.
- Isn't there an old silo back there?
- No. We can't go back there without guns.
We can't stay here.
They'll tear us apart.
Oh, Jesus, Mary and Joseph.
Don't shoot 'im!
We need his ass.
Steel, kick him around a little bit.
Might knock some sense into
that jungle-bunny head.
Captain!
That's it. Run, you fuckin' lunatics.
They're gone, flyboy. Let's go.
Not a chance.
- Jesus Christ. That's the elevator.
- Check it out.
- Aw, Jesus.
- Rock slide. We can't get through.
This way. We can try and get around.
- Oh, it's you.
- This way.
Let's go, Torrez. Get up.
Shit! Somebody took this apart.
The only other control's up on
the platform with a hand box.
Oh, Jesus.
- Rickles, we can't get out of here.
- Fix it. Can't you fix it?
- It's that fuckin' spic that did this!
- Fix it!
- Come on, man!
- Fix what?
Fix... fix the box, man!
Come on, fix it!
Fix what? They tore the fucking
guts out of it, Rickles! I can't fix it!
We got the book here! We can fix it!
The bastard.
Sarah!
Billy!
John!
Let's keep moving.
- Hold down. Fuck!
- What's goin' on?
That spic. He ripped these controls out,
the little yellow bastard.
The little shit.
The little fuckin' shit.
You tried to make a run for it.
Holy shit!
Holy fuckin' shit.
Rhodes!
Rhodes, you bastard!
Oh, shit!
Shit!
Fuck!
Holy shit!
Shit!
Rhodes!
Goddamn, Rhodes!
Open the door, you son of a bitch!
Rhodes!
Shit!
Come on, Bub.
Come on, you pus-brained bag of shit.
You wanna learn how to shoot, Bub?
I'll teach you how to shoot.
Come on, you bag of...
Let's go. Follow the red lights.
- It's temporarily out of service.
- The ladder! Go ahead. Up, up. Up!
Come along, Johnny. We're countin'
on ya to fly us to the promised land.
Come on, come on. Come on!
Oh, shit!
You fuck.
You pus fuck!
You fuck!
You pus fuck! You pus fu...!
You f...
Come on!
Come on! Come on!
Choke on 'em!
Let's hope they filled up the
gas tank from the other night.
- Oh, my God.
- Come on, come on!
Get in, get in!
Eyes
Eyes, eyes
Is it you
Is it me
Holding on for so long
Trying desperately
Is it right
Oh-oh-oh, is it fair
Wanting more, so much more
And it's never there
I am with you when
I feel like
I'm alone
It's easy to pretend
This world could never end
Come take my heart, my soul, my love
My life
Tonight
Love me
Tonight, babe
Take me to the world inside
Your eyes
Tonight
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org